core/common/README.md, before:

# Ibeji Core Common

## gRPC Interceptor

gRPC Interceptor is a concept that intercepts gRPC calls received by a tonic http server, so that they can be examined and modified.

gRPC Interceptor is based on the interceptor pattern. Details on the interceptor pattern can be found on [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interceptor_pattern).

gRPC Interceptors rely on the Tower crate's Layer construct to apply the desired behavior to the incoming requests and outgoing responses.  Tower does not provide support for gRPC specific http messages, so we have provided those capabilities in gRPC Interceptor.

These documents/code were very helpful in developing this solution:
<ul>
  <li> https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/trait.Layer.html
  <li> https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/trait.Service.html
  <li> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68203821/prost-the-encode-method-cannot-be-invoked-on-a-trait-object
  <li> https://github.com/hyperium/tonic/blob/master/examples/src/tower/client.rs
  <li> https://github.com/hyperium/tonic/blob/master/examples/src/tower/server.rs
  <li> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76758914/parse-grpc-orginal-body-with-tonic-prost
  <li> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57632558/grpc-server-complaining-that-message-is-larger-than-max-size-when-its-not
  <li> https://discord.com/channels/500028886025895936/628706823104626710/1086425720709992602
  <li> https://github.com/tower-rs/tower/issues/727
  <li> https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy/blob/0814a154ba8c8cc7af394ac3fa6f940bd01755ae/linkerd/stack/src/fail_on_error.rs#LL30-L69C2
</ul>

## gRPC Service

gRPC Service is a concept that allows for a service that implements it to add its gRPC services to a builder which is used to construct a gRPC server that hosts the services.

gRPC Service relies on the Tonic crate's RoutesBuilder construct to add the gRPC services when building the gRPC server instance.

## Sample gRPC Interceptor

A simple gRPC Interceptor sample has been provided.  To use it with Ibeji:

Add the following use statements to main.rs:

```rust
use common::grpc_interceptor::GrpcInterceptorLayer;
use common::sample_grpc_interceptor::SampleGrpcInterceptor;
use tower::ServiceBuilder;
```

Adjust the HTTP server setup in main.rs as follows:

```rust
    let sample_layer: Option<GrpcInterceptorLayer> =
        Some(GrpcInterceptorLayer::new(SampleGrpcInterceptor::sample_grpc_interceptor_factory));

    let layer = ServiceBuilder::new().option_layer(sample_layer);

    // Setup the HTTP server.
    Server::builder()
        .layer(layer)
        .add_service(InvehicleDigitalTwinServer::new(invehicle_digital_twin_impl))
        .serve(addr)
        .await?;
```

Commit message:

Devkelley/standardize extension model (#43)
* Renamed extension to module, Restructured so each module has own Cargo.toml, Added GrpcServer

* Updated docs

* Updated comments

* change managed_subscribe_ext to managed_subscribe_module and removed extension from comments.

core/common/README.md, after:

# Ibeji Core Common

## gRPC Interceptor

gRPC Interceptor is a concept that intercepts gRPC calls received by a tonic http server, so that they can be examined and modified.

gRPC Interceptor is based on the interceptor pattern. Details on the interceptor pattern can be found on [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interceptor_pattern).

gRPC Interceptors rely on the Tower crate's Layer construct to apply the desired behavior to the incoming requests and outgoing responses.  Tower does not provide support for gRPC specific http messages, so we have provided those capabilities in gRPC Interceptor.

These documents/code were very helpful in developing this solution:
<ul>
  <li> https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/trait.Layer.html
  <li> https://docs.rs/tower/latest/tower/trait.Service.html
  <li> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68203821/prost-the-encode-method-cannot-be-invoked-on-a-trait-object
  <li> https://github.com/hyperium/tonic/blob/master/examples/src/tower/client.rs
  <li> https://github.com/hyperium/tonic/blob/master/examples/src/tower/server.rs
  <li> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76758914/parse-grpc-orginal-body-with-tonic-prost
  <li> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57632558/grpc-server-complaining-that-message-is-larger-than-max-size-when-its-not
  <li> https://discord.com/channels/500028886025895936/628706823104626710/1086425720709992602
  <li> https://github.com/tower-rs/tower/issues/727
  <li> https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2-proxy/blob/0814a154ba8c8cc7af394ac3fa6f940bd01755ae/linkerd/stack/src/fail_on_error.rs#LL30-L69C2
</ul>

## gRPC Module

gRPC Module is a concept that allows for an object that implements it to add its gRPC services to a builder which is used to construct a gRPC server that hosts the services.

gRPC Module relies on the Tonic crate's RoutesBuilder construct to add the gRPC services when building the gRPC server instance.

## Sample gRPC Interceptor

A simple gRPC Interceptor sample has been provided.  To use it with Ibeji:

Add the following use statements to main.rs:

```rust
use common::grpc_interceptor::GrpcInterceptorLayer;
use common::sample_grpc_interceptor::SampleGrpcInterceptor;
use tower::ServiceBuilder;
```

Adjust the HTTP server setup in main.rs as follows:

```rust
    let sample_layer: Option<GrpcInterceptorLayer> =
        Some(GrpcInterceptorLayer::new(SampleGrpcInterceptor::sample_grpc_interceptor_factory));

    let layer = ServiceBuilder::new().option_layer(sample_layer);

    // Setup the HTTP server.
    Server::builder()
        .layer(layer)
        .add_service(InvehicleDigitalTwinServer::new(invehicle_digital_twin_impl))
        .serve(addr)
        .await?;
```
