docs/tutorials/in_vehicle_model/README.md, before:

# Tutorial: Create an In-vehicle Model With DTDL

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [1. Create an In-vehicle Digital Twin Model With DTDL](#1-create-an-in-vehicle-digital-twin-model-with-dtdl)
  - [1.1 DTDL Interfaces](#11-dtdl-interfaces)
  - [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces)
  - [1.3 DTDL DTMI ID](#13-dtdl-dtmi-id)
  - [1.4 DTDL Properties](#14-dtdl-properties)
  - [1.5 DTDL Commands](#15-dtdl-commands)
- [2. DTDL Validation](#2-dtdl-validation)
- [3. Translating DTDL to Code](#3-translating-dtdl-to-code)

## Introduction

In this tutorial, you will learn how to create an in-vehicle model using [Digital Twins Definition Language (DTDL) version 3.0](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html), and build a corresponding Rust in-vehicle model. The focus will be on translating DTDL to a programming language. While Rust is used here to be consistent with Ibeji's samples (which are in Rust), you can use any programming language.

This tutorial provides a basic understanding of DTDL in the context of our Ibeji samples, but it is not a comprehensive guide to DTDL. Specifically, it covers [interfaces](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#interface), [commands](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#command), [properties](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#property)

Please refer to the [DTDL v3](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html) documentation for more information on DTDL.

>Note: DTDL is used to define a digital twin model of the in-vehicle's hardware. Currently in Ibeji, DTDL serves as a guide to manually construct the in-vehicle model in code. In the future, the in-vehicle model code should be generated from a DTDL file.

## 1. Create an In-vehicle Digital Twin Model With DTDL

In this section, you will learn how to create an in-vehicle digital twin model with DTDL.

The `{repo-root-dir}/digital-twin-model/dtdl` directory contains sample DTDL files which describe our sample in-vehicle digital twin model. This model consists of an airbag seat massager; camera; human machine interface (HMI); heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system; and an on-board diagnostics (OBD).

To simplify, this tutorial will guide you in creating an in-vehicle digital twin model with HVAC and HMI systems.

### 1.1 DTDL Interfaces

>[DTDL v3 Interface:](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#interface) "An Interface describes the contents (Commands, Components, Properties, Relationships, and Telemetries) of any digital twin".

Each sample DTDL file in the `{repo-root-dir}/digital-twin-model/dtdl` directory begins with an interface at the top level.

>Tip: A suggested strategy for creating your in-vehicle digital twin model is to first determine the components and in-vehicle characteristics you want to include in your common in-vehicle, followed by deciding the level of granularity you need for your in-vehicle digital twin model. For example, in our samples, we categorize HVAC and OBD separately. The `hvac.json` DTDL file contains all HVAC-related elements, while the `obd.json` DTDL file contains all OBD-related components.

### 1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces

1. Create a file named `hvac.json`

1. Create the DTDL interface for HVAC:

  ```json
  [
    {
      "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
      "@type": "Interface",
      "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1",
      "description": "Heat, Ventilation and Air Conditioning",
      "contents": []
    }
  ]
  ```

1. Create a file named `hmi.json`

1. Create the DTDL interface for HMI:

  ```json
  [
    {
      "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
      "@type": "Interface",
      "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI;1",
      "description": "The Human Machine Interface.",
      "contents": []
    }
  ]
  ```

Please see the [Interface](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#interface) section for the descriptions on each field and the required DTDL fields.

In addition to `@context`, `@type`, and `@id` fields, Ibeji requires you to include the `description` field. The `description` field is useful as it offers extra metadata for DTDL file labeling and logging.

The `contents` field will be discussed further in the [1.4 DTDL Properties](#14-dtdl-properties) and [1.5 DTDL Commands](#15-dtdl-commands) sections.

### 1.3 DTDL DTMI ID

>[Digital Twin Model Identifer (DTMI):](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#additional-concerns) "All elements in digital twin models must have an identifier that is a digital twin model identifier (DTMI). This includes Interfaces, Properties, Telemetries, Commands, Relationships, Components, complex schema objects, etc. This does not require that every model element have an explicit identifier, but any identifier assigned to a model element by a digital twin processor must follow this identifier format".

The value for the `@id` field must conform to the DTMI format. A DTMI consists of three parts: scheme, path, and version. They are arranged in the format: `<scheme>:<path>;<version>`, with a colon separating the scheme and path, and a semicolon dividing the path and version. A DTMI must be unique. Please reference the [Digital Twin Mode Identifier](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#digital-twin-model-identifier) section of the DTDL document to learn more about DTMI.

The following is the suggested approach for creating a [DTMI](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#digital-twin-model-identifier):

>For any definition that is the property of an organization with a registered domain name, a suggested approach to generating identifiers is to use the reversed order of domain segments as initial path segments, followed by further segments that are expected to be collectively unique among definitions within the domain. For example, `dtmi:com:fabrikam:industrialProducts:airQualitySensor;1`.

In step 2 of [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces), the DTMI for your HVAC system is `dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1` and the DTMI for your HMI is `dtmi:sdv:HMI;1`. The domain is `sdv` and under this domain we have an `HVAC` and an `HMI` interface. These two DTMIs conform to the DTDL v3 spec.

### 1.4 DTDL Properties

>[Property:](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#property) "A `Property` describes the read-only and read/write state of any digital twin. For example, a device serial number may be a read-only `Property`. The desired temperature on a thermostat may be a read-write `Property`, and the name of a room may be a read-write `Property`".

Consider our HVAC digital twin that you created in [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces).

To add properties to the HVAC digital twin model, replace the existing content of `hvac.json` with the following:

```json
[
  {
    "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
    "@type": "Interface",
    "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1",
    "description": "Heat, Ventilation and Air Conditioning",
    "contents": [
      {
          "@type": "Property",
          "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:AmbientAirTemperature;1",
          "name": "AmbientAirTemperature",
          "description": "The immediate surroundings' air temperature (in Fahrenheit).",
          "schema": "integer"
        },
        {
          "@type": "Property",
          "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:IsAirConditioningActive;1",
          "name": "IsAirConditioningActive",
          "description": "Is air conditioning active?",
          "schema": "boolean"
        }
    ]
  }
]
```

This introduces two signals to our HVAC system: ambient air temperature and air conditioning status. Both signals have `@id` values starting with `dtmi:sdv:HVAC`, signifying they belong to the sdv domain and HVAC interface.

Please see [Property](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#property) for more information on the property type and the descriptions of each field. Similar to the DTDL interface type, Ibeji mandates the description field. Despite DTDL v3 spec considering the `@id` field for properties as optional, Ibeji requires it. This helps in referring to your DTDL fragments in the code.

You can add more signals to the HVAC system, but ensure they are properties, not commands, which we will discuss in the next section. Signals unrelated to HVAC should not be included in the HVAC interface. As suggested in [1.1 DTDL interfaces](#11-dtdl-interfaces), it is beneficial to segregate interfaces to maintain conciseness and group related components together.

### 1.5 DTDL Commands

>[Command:](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#command) "A `Command` describes a function or operation that can be performed on any digital twin".

Consider the HVAC digital twin that you created in [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces).

To add properties to the HMI digital twin model, replace the existing content of `hmi.json` with the following:

```json
[
  {
    "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
    "@type": "Interface",
    "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI;1",
    "description": "The Human Machine Interface.",
    "contents": [
      {
        "@type": "Command",
        "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification;1",
        "name": "ShowNotification",
        "description": "Show a notification on the HMI.",
        "request": {
          "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification:request;1",
          "name": "Notification",
          "displayName": "Notification",
          "description": "The notification to show on the HMI.",
          "schema": "string"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

This introduces a command to our HMI system: Show Notification. Similar to the properties we introduced in the previous section, this command has an `@id` value starting with `dtmi:sdv:HMI`, signifying that this command belongs to the sdv domain and HMI interface.

The `ShowNotification` is not a property. This is because properties reflect the state of a digital twin, while `ShowNotification` is an action that can be performed on this HMI digital twin model which qualifies as a command.

Please see [Command](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#command) for more information on the command type and the descriptions of each field. Similar to the DTDL interface type, Ibeji mandates the description field. Despite DTDL v3 spec considering the `@id` field for commands as optional, Ibeji requires it. This helps in referring to your DTDL fragments in the code.

## 2. DTDL Validation

Ensure your digital twin models adhere to the [DTDL v3 spec](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3) before translating your digital twin models to code. Use Ibeji's [DTDL tools](https://github.com/eclipse-ibeji/ibeji/blob/main/dtdl-tools/README.md) to validate your DTDL files.

## 3. Translating DTDL to Code

You have built a basic in-vehicle digital twin model with HVAC  and HMI systems using DTDL. In this section, you will convert this model into Rust code.

1. Create a Rust file called `sdv_v1.rs`. This file will provide metadata from the in-vehicle digital twin model.

1. Reference the `hmi.json` DTDL file that you have created in [1.5 DTDL Commands](#15-dtdl-commands).

1. Copy the following contents to the `sdv_v1.rs`:

```rust
// Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.
// Licensed under the MIT license.
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

// Note: In the future this code should be generated from a DTDL spec.

pub mod hmi {
    pub mod show_notification {
        pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification;1";
        pub const NAME: &str = "Show Notification";
        pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "Show a notification on the HMI.";
        pub mod request {
            pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification::request;1";
            pub const NAME: &str = "Notification";
            pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "The notification to show on the HMI.";
            pub type TYPE = String;
        }
        pub mod response {
            pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification::response;1";
        }
    }
}
```

1. Reference the `hvac.json` DTDL file that you have created in [1.4 DTDL Properties](#14-dtdl-properties)

1. Copy the following contents to the `sdv_v1.rs` Rust file:

```rust
pub mod hvac {
    pub mod ambient_air_temperature {
        pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:AmbientAirTemperature;1";
        pub const NAME: &str = "AmbientAirTemperature";
        pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "The immediate surroundings air temperature (in Fahrenheit).";
        pub type TYPE = i32;
    }

    pub mod is_air_conditioning_active {
        pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:IsAirConditioningActive;1";
        pub const NAME: &str = "IsAirConditioningActive";
        pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "Is air conditioning active?";
        pub type TYPE = bool;
    }
}
```

This `sdv_v1.rs` is a representation of the in-vehicle DTDL model with an HMI and an HVAC in code.

In [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces), the `@id` field for the HMI and HVAC digital twin interfaces are `dtmi:sdv:HMI;1` and `dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1`, respectively. These DTMIs are constructed in the `sdv_v1.rs` file, which we created in step 3 and step 5.

The `sdv_v1.rs` file contains two main modules: `hmi` and `hvac`. The `hmi` module constructs the interface for `dtmi:sdv:HMI;1`, and the `hvac` module constructs the interface for `dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1`.

In the `hmi` module, there is a `show_notification` submodule that represents the `ShowNotification` command in DTDL. It has an `ID`, `NAME` and `DESCRIPTION` constants, which correspond to the `@id`, `name`, and `description` fields in the `hmi.json` DTDL file. The request and response submodules represent the request and response of the command.

Similarly, in the `hvac` module, there are two submodules: `ambient_air_temperature` and `is_air_conditioning_active`. These represent the `AmbientAirTemperature` and `IsAirConditioningActive` properties in the `hvac.json` DTDL. Each submodule has an `ID`, `NAME`, `DESCRIPTION` and `TYPE` constants, which correspond to the `@id`, `name`, `description`, and `schema` fields in DTDL.

This Rust code is a way to use a DTDL model in a Rust program, with each DTDL element represented as a Rust module, constant, or type. You can translate a DTDL model into other programming languages. Use the `@id` fields in your in-vehicle digital twin model as guidance to code your in-vehicle model.

Both Ibeji providers and Ibeji consumers can utilize this code. This code serves as a set of constants to standardize the values used in their communication with Ibeji, which ensures a consistent and reliable exchange of information.

Commit message:

Add Digital Twin Provider Tutorial (#68)

docs/tutorials/in_vehicle_model/README.md, after:

# Tutorial: Create an In-vehicle Model With DTDL

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [1. Create an In-Vehicle Digital Twin Model with DTDL](#1-create-an-in-vehicle-digital-twin-model-with-dtdl)
  - [1.1 DTDL Interfaces](#11-dtdl-interfaces)
  - [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces)
  - [1.3 DTDL DTMI ID](#13-dtdl-dtmi-id)
  - [1.4 DTDL Properties](#14-dtdl-properties)
  - [1.5 DTDL Commands](#15-dtdl-commands)
- [2. DTDL Validation](#2-dtdl-validation)
- [3. Translating DTDL to Code](#3-translating-dtdl-to-code)
- [Next Steps](#next-steps)

## Introduction

In this tutorial, you will learn how to create an in-vehicle model using [Digital Twins Definition Language (DTDL) version 3.0](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html), and build a corresponding Rust in-vehicle model. The focus will be on translating DTDL to a programming language. While Rust is used here to be consistent with Ibeji's samples (which are in Rust), you can use any programming language.

This tutorial provides a basic understanding of DTDL in the context of our Ibeji samples, but it is not a comprehensive guide to DTDL. Specifically, it covers [interfaces](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#interface), [commands](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#command), [properties](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#property)

Please refer to the [DTDL v3](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html) documentation for more information on DTDL.

>Note: DTDL is used to define a digital twin model of the in-vehicle's hardware. Currently in Ibeji, DTDL serves as a guide to manually construct the in-vehicle model in code. In the future, the in-vehicle model code should be generated from a DTDL file.

## 1. Create an In-Vehicle Digital Twin Model with DTDL

In this section, you will learn how to create an in-vehicle digital twin model with DTDL.

The `{repo-root-dir}/digital-twin-model/dtdl` directory contains sample DTDL files which describe our sample in-vehicle digital twin model. This model consists of an airbag seat massager; camera; human machine interface (HMI); heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system; and an on-board diagnostics (OBD).

To simplify, this tutorial will guide you in creating an in-vehicle digital twin model with HVAC and HMI systems.

### 1.1 DTDL Interfaces

>[DTDL v3 Interface:](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#interface) "An Interface describes the contents (Commands, Components, Properties, Relationships, and Telemetries) of any digital twin".

Each sample DTDL file in the `{repo-root-dir}/digital-twin-model/dtdl` directory begins with an interface at the top level.

>Tip: A suggested strategy for creating your in-vehicle digital twin model is to first determine the components and in-vehicle characteristics you want to include in your common in-vehicle, followed by deciding the level of granularity you need for your in-vehicle digital twin model. For example, in our samples, we categorize HVAC and OBD separately. The `hvac.json` DTDL file contains all HVAC-related elements, while the `obd.json` DTDL file contains all OBD-related components.

### 1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces

1. Create a file named `hvac.json`

1. Create the DTDL interface for HVAC:

  ```json
  [
    {
      "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
      "@type": "Interface",
      "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1",
      "description": "Heat, Ventilation and Air Conditioning",
      "contents": []
    }
  ]
  ```

1. Create a file named `hmi.json`

1. Create the DTDL interface for HMI:

  ```json
  [
    {
      "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
      "@type": "Interface",
      "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI;1",
      "description": "The Human Machine Interface.",
      "contents": []
    }
  ]
  ```

Please see the [Interface](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#interface) section for the descriptions on each field and the required DTDL fields.

In addition to `@context`, `@type`, and `@id` fields, Ibeji requires you to include the `description` field. The `description` field is useful as it offers extra metadata for DTDL file labeling and logging.

The `contents` field will be discussed further in the [1.4 DTDL Properties](#14-dtdl-properties) and [1.5 DTDL Commands](#15-dtdl-commands) sections.

### 1.3 DTDL DTMI ID

>[Digital Twin Model Identifer (DTMI):](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#additional-concerns) "All elements in digital twin models must have an identifier that is a digital twin model identifier (DTMI). This includes Interfaces, Properties, Telemetries, Commands, Relationships, Components, complex schema objects, etc. This does not require that every model element have an explicit identifier, but any identifier assigned to a model element by a digital twin processor must follow this identifier format".

The value for the `@id` field must conform to the DTMI format. A DTMI consists of three parts: scheme, path, and version. They are arranged in the format: `<scheme>:<path>;<version>`, with a colon separating the scheme and path, and a semicolon dividing the path and version. A DTMI must be unique. Please reference the [Digital Twin Mode Identifier](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#digital-twin-model-identifier) section of the DTDL document to learn more about DTMI.

The following is the suggested approach for creating a [DTMI](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3.html#digital-twin-model-identifier):

>For any definition that is the property of an organization with a registered domain name, a suggested approach to generating identifiers is to use the reversed order of domain segments as initial path segments, followed by further segments that are expected to be collectively unique among definitions within the domain. For example, `dtmi:com:fabrikam:industrialProducts:airQualitySensor;1`.

In step 2 of [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces), the DTMI for your HVAC system is `dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1` and the DTMI for your HMI is `dtmi:sdv:HMI;1`. The domain is `sdv` and under this domain we have an `HVAC` and an `HMI` interface. These two DTMIs conform to the DTDL v3 spec.

### 1.4 DTDL Properties

>[Property:](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#property) "A `Property` describes the read-only and read/write state of any digital twin. For example, a device serial number may be a read-only `Property`. The desired temperature on a thermostat may be a read-write `Property`, and the name of a room may be a read-write `Property`".

Consider our HVAC digital twin that you created in [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces).

To add properties to the HVAC digital twin model, replace the existing content of `hvac.json` with the following:

```json
[
  {
    "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
    "@type": "Interface",
    "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1",
    "description": "Heat, Ventilation and Air Conditioning",
    "contents": [
      {
          "@type": "Property",
          "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:AmbientAirTemperature;1",
          "name": "AmbientAirTemperature",
          "description": "The immediate surroundings' air temperature (in Fahrenheit).",
          "schema": "integer"
        },
        {
          "@type": "Property",
          "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:IsAirConditioningActive;1",
          "name": "IsAirConditioningActive",
          "description": "Is air conditioning active?",
          "schema": "boolean"
        }
    ]
  }
]
```

This introduces two signals to our HVAC system: *ambient air temperature* and *is air conditioning active*. Both signals have `@id` values starting with `dtmi:sdv:HVAC`, signifying they belong to the sdv domain and HVAC interface.

Please see [Property](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#property) for more information on the property type and the descriptions of each field. Similar to the DTDL interface type, Ibeji mandates the description field. Despite DTDL v3 spec considering the `@id` field for properties as optional, Ibeji requires it. This helps in referring to your DTDL fragments in the code.

You can add more signals to the HVAC system, but ensure they are properties, not commands, which we will discuss in the next section. Signals unrelated to HVAC should not be included in the HVAC interface. As suggested in [1.1 DTDL interfaces](#11-dtdl-interfaces), it is beneficial to segregate interfaces to maintain conciseness and group related components together.

### 1.5 DTDL Commands

>[Command:](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#command) "A `Command` describes a function or operation that can be performed on any digital twin".

Consider the HVAC digital twin that you created in [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI Interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces).

To add properties to the HMI digital twin model, replace the existing content of `hmi.json` with the following:

```json
[
  {
    "@context": ["dtmi:dtdl:context;3"],
    "@type": "Interface",
    "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI;1",
    "description": "The Human Machine Interface.",
    "contents": [
      {
        "@type": "Command",
        "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification;1",
        "name": "ShowNotification",
        "description": "Show a notification on the HMI.",
        "request": {
          "@id": "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification:request;1",
          "name": "Notification",
          "displayName": "Notification",
          "description": "The notification to show on the HMI.",
          "schema": "string"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
]
```

This introduces a command to our HMI system: Show Notification. Similar to the properties we introduced in the previous section, this command has an `@id` value starting with `dtmi:sdv:HMI`, signifying that this command belongs to the sdv domain and HMI interface.

The `ShowNotification` is not a property. This is because properties reflect the state of a digital twin, while `ShowNotification` is an action that can be performed on this HMI digital twin model which qualifies as a command.

Please see [Command](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3#command) for more information on the command type and the descriptions of each field. Similar to the DTDL interface type, Ibeji mandates the description field. Despite DTDL v3 spec considering the `@id` field for commands as optional, Ibeji requires it. This helps in referring to your DTDL fragments in the code.

## 2. DTDL Validation

Ensure your digital twin models adhere to the [DTDL v3 spec](https://azure.github.io/opendigitaltwins-dtdl/DTDL/v3/DTDL.v3) before translating your digital twin models to code. Use Ibeji's [DTDL tools](https://github.com/eclipse-ibeji/ibeji/blob/main/dtdl-tools/README.md) to validate your DTDL files.

## 3. Translating DTDL to Code

You have built a basic in-vehicle digital twin model with HVAC  and HMI systems using DTDL. In this section, you will convert this model into Rust code.

1. Create a Rust file called `sdv_v1.rs`. This file will provide metadata from the in-vehicle digital twin model.

1. Reference the `hmi.json` DTDL file that you have created in [1.5 DTDL Commands](#15-dtdl-commands).

1. Copy the following contents to the `sdv_v1.rs`:

```rust
// Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.
// Licensed under the MIT license.
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

// Note: In the future this code should be generated from a DTDL spec.

pub mod hmi {
    pub mod show_notification {
        pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification;1";
        pub const NAME: &str = "Show Notification";
        pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "Show a notification on the HMI.";
        pub mod request {
            pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification::request;1";
            pub const NAME: &str = "Notification";
            pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "The notification to show on the HMI.";
            pub type TYPE = String;
        }
        pub mod response {
            pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HMI:ShowNotification::response;1";
        }
    }
}
```

1. Reference the `hvac.json` DTDL file that you have created in [1.4 DTDL Properties](#14-dtdl-properties)

1. Copy the following contents to the `sdv_v1.rs` Rust file:

```rust
pub mod hvac {
    pub mod ambient_air_temperature {
        pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:AmbientAirTemperature;1";
        pub const NAME: &str = "AmbientAirTemperature";
        pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "The immediate surroundings air temperature (in Fahrenheit).";
        pub type TYPE = i32;
    }

    pub mod is_air_conditioning_active {
        pub const ID: &str = "dtmi:sdv:HVAC:IsAirConditioningActive;1";
        pub const NAME: &str = "IsAirConditioningActive";
        pub const DESCRIPTION: &str = "Is air conditioning active?";
        pub type TYPE = bool;
    }
}
```

This `sdv_v1.rs` is a representation of the in-vehicle DTDL model with an HMI and an HVAC in code.

In [1.2 Create HVAC and HMI interfaces](#12-create-hvac-and-hmi-interfaces), the `@id` field for the HMI and HVAC digital twin interfaces are `dtmi:sdv:HMI;1` and `dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1`, respectively. These DTMIs are constructed in the `sdv_v1.rs` file, which we created in step 3 and step 5.

The `sdv_v1.rs` file contains two main modules: `hmi` and `hvac`. The `hmi` module constructs the interface for `dtmi:sdv:HMI;1`, and the `hvac` module constructs the interface for `dtmi:sdv:HVAC;1`.

In the `hmi` module, there is a `show_notification` submodule that represents the `ShowNotification` command in DTDL. It has an `ID`, `NAME` and `DESCRIPTION` constants, which correspond to the `@id`, `name`, and `description` fields in the `hmi.json` DTDL file. The request and response submodules represent the request and response of the command.

Similarly, in the `hvac` module, there are two submodules: `ambient_air_temperature` and `is_air_conditioning_active`. These represent the `AmbientAirTemperature` and `IsAirConditioningActive` properties in the `hvac.json` DTDL. Each submodule has an `ID`, `NAME`, `DESCRIPTION` and `TYPE` constants, which correspond to the `@id`, `name`, `description`, and `schema` fields in DTDL.

This Rust code is a way to use a DTDL model in a Rust program, with each DTDL element represented as a Rust module, constant, or type. You can translate a DTDL model into other programming languages. Use the `@id` fields in your in-vehicle digital twin model as guidance to code your in-vehicle model.

Both Ibeji providers and Ibeji consumers can utilize this code. This code serves as a set of constants to standardize the values used in their communication with Ibeji, which ensures a consistent and reliable exchange of information.

## Next Steps

- Learn how to create a digital twin provider in [Tutorial: Create a Digital Twin Provider](../provider/README.md)
